fix: HTTP API /api/v5/publish schema (#11493)
emqx/emqx: changes/ce/fix-11493.en.md

> Example for and documentation for /api/v5/publish bad request response has been fixed. Previously the documentation example said that the bad request response could return a list in the body which was not actually the case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Examples and documentation for /api/v5/publish bad request response have been fixed. Previously the documentation example said that the bad request response could return a list in the body which was not actually the case.
```

Author: Thanks, added your suggestion.
